{
 "A & I": "The \"Argument and Inquiry\" first-year seminar requirement.", 
 "ACE": "Academic Civic Engagement", 
 "ACT": "Acting in the Community Together.  The student-run program of volunteer service projects in the Northfield community and environs.", 
 "ASC": "Academic Standing Committee.  Committee of faculty, students, and staff that adjudicates college regulations and makes decisions about students’ academic standing.", 
 "BRIDGE": "The online library catalog shared by Carleton and St. Olaf.", 
 "Bald Spot": "The open green in the center of the campus.", 
 "CAASHA": "Campus advocates against sexual harassment and assault", 
 "CAMS": "Cinema and Media Studies (Department/Major)", 
 "CCCE": "Center for Community and Civic Engagement.  The center that encompasses ACT, ACE, and public scholarship.", 
 "CLAE": "Carleton Liberal Arts Experience. A summer program founded by a Carleton trustee, which brings talented high school juniors of African American descent, or students who have an interest in African American culture, to campus for a week-long academic college-prep program.", 
 "CMC": "Center for Mathematics and Computing. The academic building that houses the Math/Stats and CS departments.", 
 "COMPS": "Comprehensive exercise for seniors, also sometimes called the “Integrative Exercise\" by faculty.", 
 "CSA": "Carleton Student Association", 
 "CSL": "Committee on Student Life.  Committee of students that advises the Dean of Students; can recommend social policy issues to the College Council.  Chaired by the Dean of Students with a student co-chair.", 
 "CUT": "The Carleton Ultimate Team. Carleton's D1 men's ultimate (frisbee) club, one of the best teams in the nation.", 
 "Convo": "Convocation. A weekly lecture with speakers from a broad variety of fields.", 
 "Dacie’s": "Dacie Moses House: The house at 110 Union St., once owned by a long-time and much beloved employee of Carleton, known for opening her home to students.  Dacie left her house to Carleton when she died in 1981, and the house is now a gathering place for students who use it for social events, baking cookies, etc.", 
 "EAC": "Environmental Advisory Committee", 
 "ENTS": "Environmental and Technology Studies (Department/Major)", 
 "FOCUS": "Focusing on Cultivating Scientists.  FOCUS is designed for students interested in science and promoting diversity in the sciences. FOCUS supports students through their entry into the study of science/math at Carleton and as they continue in the curriculum by creating a cohort which enrolls in classes together (in so far as this makes sense), meets regularly in a colloquium throughout the first year, and has an opportunity for work study in the sciences.", 
 "GOP": "Gods of Plastic. Carleton's second competitive men's ultimate team.", 
 "IFSA": "Interfaith Social Action:  Student group that meets to reflect on the social justice commitments within each faith and to take action.", 
 "ITS": "Information and Technology Services:  Provides technological assistance and support to the Carleton community.", 
 "James Hall": "The current name of the dormitory formerly known as Memorial Hall. The names 'Memo' and 'James' are used interchangeably", 
 "KRLX": "Campus radio station", 
 "LDC": "Language and Dining Center (East Dining Hall)", 
 "LTC": "Learning and Teaching Center (The Perlman Center for Learning and Teaching). Led by a faculty director, the Center supports learning and teaching at Carleton, runs a student observer program, organizes the mentoring program, sponsors numerous workshops and seminars and maintains a teaching and learning library.", 
 "MIAC": "Minnesota Intercollegiate Athletics Conference: Carleton's primary athletic league.", 
 "MOODLE": "Carleton’s online course management system.  Now used for many other purposes, as well, such as curricular initiatives, new faculty orientation materials, etc.", 
 "Memo": "Up until 2013, (Memo)rial Hall was the name of the dorm adjacent to Nourse and Cassat.", 
 "NNB": "Noon News Bulletin.  Published by students Monday, Wednesday and Friday during the term. Publicizes events, provides a forum for personal ads, and serves as a means for campus offices to relay information regarding their programs.", 
 "NSF": "National Science Foundation", 
 "OCS": "Off-Campus Studies.  Usually refers to the faculty committee which oversees the off-campus studies program, setting calendar and making policy. Sometimes refers to the office administering the programs or the programs themselves.", 
 "OIIL": "Office of Intercultural and International Life", 
 "PEPS": "Presentation Events and Production Support:", 
 "Rotblatt": "Rotblatt is the world's longest intramural sport.  Played once each spring, this marathon softball game begins at sunrise and lasts one inning for each year of Carleton's existence since it was founded in 1866. It is Rotblatt tradition for players to both bat and field with a beverage of their choice in one hand.", 
 "SDA": "Student Departmental Adviser; each department selects a senior (or two) to serve as liaisons to younger students and representatives of the department.  The precise functions of SDAs vary widely by department.", 
 "SWA": "Student Wellness Advisor", 
 "SWP": "Summer Writing Program", 
 "Sayles": "Sayles-Hill Student Center, home to the snack bar, post office, bookstore, campus security office, and Student Activities offices.", 
 "Schiller": "The odd Carleton mania for stealing and periodically displaying a plaster bust of the German Romantic poet seems to date from about 1957. Schiller has been shattered several times, glued back together at least twice, and replaced with a new replica on occasion, but the tradition lives on.", 
 "Scrunch": "S/Cr/Nc:  term used for taking a course credit/no credit as opposed to the norm of taking the course for a grade.", 
 "TRIO/SSS": "TRIO/Student Support Services (TRIO/SSS) program is federally funded by a grant from the U.S. Department of Education.", 
 "The Arb": "Carleton’s arboretum, (officially the Cowling Arboretum), approximately 800 acres of land adjoining the College, with many beautiful wooded walking and running paths.", 
 "The HUB": "Carleton’s online portal for viewing information such as budgets, personnel information, course information, student bills, etc. It may be hard to use but at least it's secure", 
 "The Libe": "The Gould Library", 
 "Weitz": "Weitz Center for Creativity. The site of the former Northfield Middle School just south of the center of campus. In addition to housing the departments of Cinema and Media Studies (CAMS), and Theater and Dance, the space includes a teaching museum, a dramatic theater, a cinema theater, dance studios, classrooms and a coffee shop. The building is also home to the Perlman Center for Learning and Teaching (LTC), the Presentation, Events and Production Support (PEPS) office and the Digital Asset Resource Center, a shared, interdisciplinary laboratory for exploring and learning to use technology.", 
 "Write Place": "The writing help center, located in Scoville, where student writing tutors assist other students at all stages of the writing process."
}